feat: adding list refunds and updating contracts (#439)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/api/orchestration/transactions.mdx

| `type`                      | enum        | refund  | The type of this resource. Is always refund. Available options: refund                                                                                        |
| `id`                        | string      |         | The unique ID of the refund.                                                                                                                                  |
| `transaction_id`            | string      |         | The ID of the transaction associated with this refund.                                                                                                        |

> | `connection_refund_id`      | string      |         | The payment service's unique ID for the refund.                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `connection_refund_id`      | string      |         | The connection's unique ID for the refund.                                                                                                               |
```
